---
title: "A Legend"
layout: post
author: "Gregorio Chant"
categories: musings
---

Gregory walked into the Milk Bar with a distinctly penguin swagger. Saturday nights are the best nights in Gregory's opinion. You see, Saturday nights are for Milk Bar Stand-Up. The barkeep, Michael, started Stand-Up night two months ago because he'd found a book of jokes and wanted to share. There's no real rules about what your Stand-Up performance has to be and Gregory certainly isn't planning on doing a comedy routine.

"Hey, Mike. Got a request for ya."
"Sure. Anything for you.
I found this recipe during the research for tonight's presentation. I know it's not really milk-based, but think you could throw it together for the group?
It's a bit outta my comfort zone, but I'll give it the ol' Michael try!"

Gregory ordered a small glass of his favorite (The Magician; a glass of 2% milk with a purple swirl that tasted like blueberries) and took a seat until it was time. Shortly after finishing his last sip, the lights in the bar began to dim. Greg tidied the stack of notes he'd been reviewing, smoothed his front feathers, and stood

There was a small podium set up in on a stage in front of the six and a half tables scattered throughout the parlor. It was a pretty full house.

Gregory nodded to Michael who nodded back and flipped a switch. The lighting dimmed further and purple ambient lighting began to slowly fade in and out as a Phil Collins instrumental began playing quietly.

Greetings, fellow penguins.

I come to you today with life changing information.

Bernard took a sip of his drink.

In liu of comedy, I wish to tell an ancient story. One that many of you may think is only a children's tale.

This is the tale of Jolly Pops.

It is well known that Jolly Pops is a kind, funny man who invented bed time stories. Joke Stories as he called them.

Gregory saw a few nodding heads.

Gregory insists he's very real.

Jolly Pops is a legend that basically created the Pong's universe

Heck, we wouldn't even know about Star Wars!
And that hand-drawn wanted poster? Forget about it!

Lewis interjects at one point and says that the "Old Magic" lore calls Jolly Pops Benjamin.

Dr. Penguin comics would not exist without Jolly Pops. Melissa gasps.

As the applause died down, Michael finished his jaunt through the parlor. He'd deposited Just as Gregory finished his presentation, Michael be
Freezie recipe. Round supplied by Michael.

Gregory took a sip of his. His eyes opened wide and he took a deeper swig. It was one of the best flavors he'd ever tasted.
